[OPENY-203] Create a new Docksal command for Upgrade Path (#5)
ymcatwincities/openy-docksal: README.md

> # Docksal environment for OpenY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Docksal environment for Open Y
```

Open the project's folder and run one of the commands.

Administrator account is _admin_:_admin_.

### Start the project

```bash
fin init
```

The webserver starts up, and the site will be installed automatically with `drush si`.

### Install site from UI
```bash
fin install_steps
```

The webserver starts up and for site will be provided base configuration. 
After finish you need to open site in browser and continue installation from UI.

> This command is useful for testing OpenY install form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is useful for testing Open Y install form.
```

### Testing Upgrade path
```bash
fin upgrade_init
```

> The webserver starts up and site will be installed from OpenY DB dump 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webserver starts up and the site will be installed from Open Y DB dump 
```

> that contain pre-installed previous OpenY version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that contain pre-installed previous Open Y version.
```

> Also will be executed all new updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation will be executed all new updates that were added in the latest Open Y versions.
```

> More info about upgrade path you can find here - [How to support upgrade path](https://github.com/ymcatwincities/openy/blob/8.x-2.x/docs/Development/Upgrade%20path.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the upgrade path you can find here - [How to support upgrade path](https://github.com/ymcatwincities/openy/blob/8.x-2.x/docs/Development/Upgrade%20path.md)
```
